---
layout: default
title: Commercial support options for Octave
---

The following organizations and individuals provide paid consulting services for
Octave. If you have questions about them, please visit their web sites or
contact them individually. This list is provided as a service to the community
and the support providers. The Octave project does not provide endorsements or
recommendations.

If you would like to have your company listed here, please contact the
<maintainers@octave.org> mailing list.

## John W. Eaton Consulting, Inc.

[John W. Eaton Consulting, Inc.][jwe] provides software consulting and support
services, primarily for GNU Octave, a free software system for numerical
analysis. Services include help with installing and using the software, as well
as prompt responses to problem reports.

As the original author and current maintainer of GNU Octave, Dr. Eaton is
uniquely qualified to deliver the most comprehensive solutions for your Octave
needs.

## MOXOFF

[MOXOFF][moxoff] provides custom programming and custom numerical modeling
solutions based on free software tools and in particular on GNU Octave.

MOXOFF applies mathematics and statistical analysis to complex, multiphysics
problems. Our approach covers a broad spectrum of fields: we run applied
research and develop innovative mathematical solutions for engineering, life
science and social science problems. Our skills can be applied to a wide range
of subjects: bio-technologies, aerospace design, domestic appliances,
conventional and renewable power generation, electronics, financial instruments,
analysis and simulation of geological processes, biomedical equipment to cite
just a few of our more recent projects. We deliver business-class solutions
based on GNU Octave and we also provide evolutive maintenance. We design GNU
Octave based interfaces to free software tools for scientific computing.

[jwe]: http://jweaton.org/
[moxoff]: http://www.moxoff.com/octave
